---
title: "21 April 2019"
subtitle: "How to Try Language Immersion at Home"
date: 2019-04-21T22:27:11+08:00
author: "Cookie Xu"
tags: ["cambly"]
categories: ["english"]
from: "https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/how-to-try-language-immersion-at-home/0AyC4l11EemDVkdafOTlxw?max_level=5&min_level=4#exercise-3"
draft: false
---

## Exercise 1

### Vocabulary

> immersion [ɪˈmɜːrʒn] `Noun`
 
away of teaching or learning a foreign language which involves only using that language
    
    I took a five-week immersion course in German.


> translation [trænsˈleɪʃən] `Noun`
 
words or text that have been changed into another language
    
    She provided an accurate translation of the document.
    
    He wrote a translation of the phrases into Russian on the board.


> instead [ɪnˈstɛd] `Adverb`
 
in the place of someone or something else
    
    I love doughnuts, but it's healthier to have fruit instead.
    
    She couldn't reach him on his phone, so she sent him a message instead.
    
    Please enter the building through the north entrance instead of the east one.
    
    If you don't have honey, you can use sugar instead.


> material [məˈtiːriːəl] `Noun`
 
things that are needed for a particular activity
    
    About half the budget was spent on building materials.
    
    We didn't order enough material to complete the job.
    
    They need to put away all the materials on the meeting table.
    
    First of all, make a list of the materials you'll need.
    
    There are several materials used in the production of steel.
    
    Cans made from thinner sheets of metal have allowed the food processing industry to save money on materials.


> subtitle [ˈsʌbtaɪtl] `Noun`
 
words that appear at the bottom of a screen and show what the people in a movie, television show, etc. are saying
    
    Can you turn on the subtitles? I can't understand what they're saying.

> improve [ɪmˈpruːv] `Verb`
 
to make or get better
    
    She is trying to improve at tennis.
    
    My teacher said that my English is improving!
    
    The best way to improve your general English skills is to read more.
    
    I'm trying to improve my computer skills.
    
    I took a seminar to improve my marketing knowledge.
    
    I would like to improve my understanding of web technology.
    
    I'm looking for a position where I can improve my technical skills.
    
    I started a new exercise program to improve my balance.
    
    Little by little, the economy is improving.
    
    I don't know how I can improve my English.
    
---

## Exercise 2

### Article
   
#### How to Try Language Immersion at Home

Language immersion is when you learn a language because you're always around it. For example, you could learn English while living in the US.

But what if you can't move to another country? Here are a few ways you can try language immersion at home.

1. Change the language on your phone
Change your phone, computer and social media languages to English. It's a great way to learn new words. You already know the words in your language, and now you'll see them in English.

2. Use an English-to-English dictionary
If you've been using an English dictionary with translations, try an English-to-English dictionary instead. For example, Merriam-Webster and Oxford have online learner's dictionaries that use simple language.

3. Make an "English only" space
Choose all or part of your house and fill it with English books, movies, and other materials. Then spend as much time as possible there, speaking, reading and writing only in English.

4. Turn off subtitles
Try not to use translations when watching English movies and TV shows. The best way to learn is to use English subtitles or no subtitles. This will help improve your listening skills. After all, there are no subtitles in real conversations!

5. Find friends or family to learn with you
Find friends or family members that want to try English immersion too. It'll be more fun, and you can help each other follow the rules.

--- 

## Exercise 3

### Discussion
   
1. Have you ever thought about moving to an English-speaking country? If so, which one and why? If not, why not?

2. What dictionaries do you usually use to look up English words? Why?

3. Have you read any books in English? If so, which would you recommend? If not, why not?

4. Do you ever watch movies or TV shows in English? If so, do you use subtitles? If not, why not?

5. Do many of your friends or family members speak English? If so, do you ever practice with them?

---


## Exercise 4

### Further Discussion

1. How often do you get a chance to speak English? Please explain your answer.

2. In your experience, what's the hardest thing about learning English? Please explain your answer.

3. Have you tried learning any other languages besides English? If so, did you find them easier or more difficult? If not, would you like to?

4. Do you think you'd make a good language teacher? Why? Why not?

5. To have another language is to [have] a second soul. ‒ Charlemagne. What do you make of this statement?